fix a bug that test module failed on a delegated mailbox (#7435)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_0_2.md

#### Integrations
- __EWS v2__

> Fixed a bug in "test module" that failed on a delegated mailbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug in the **test module** which failed on a delegated mailbox.
```

> Fixed a bug in the **test module** which failed on a delegated mailboxץ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug in the **test module** which failed on a delegated mailbox.
```
